README.md, before:

# Generative AI Project

This repository contains the implementation of a generative AI model.

## Project Structure

```
generative_ai_project/
├── configs/            # Configuration files
├── data/               # Data directory
│   ├── raw/            # Raw, immutable data
│   └── processed/      # Processed data, ready for training
├── docs/               # Documentation
├── notebooks/          # Jupyter notebooks for exploration and visualization
├── src/                # Source code
│   ├── data/           # Data processing scripts
│   ├── models/         # Model architecture definitions
│   ├── training/       # Training scripts
│   ├── evaluation/     # Evaluation scripts
│   └── inference/      # Inference and serving code
└── tests/              # Unit tests
```

## Setup

1. Clone the repository
2. Install the dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Configure the project by editing the configuration files in the `configs/` directory

## Usage

### Data Preparation

```bash
python src/data/preprocess.py --config configs/data_config.yaml
```

### Model Training

```bash
python src/training/train.py --config configs/training_config.yaml
```

### Evaluation

```bash
python src/evaluation/evaluate.py --model_path models/model.pt --test_data data/processed/test.csv
```

### Inference

```bash
python src/inference/predict.py --model_path models/model.pt --input "Your input text here"
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Update README.md to include project details, features, technical stack, use cases, and status

README.md, after:

# Generative AI Project

This repository contains the implementation of a generative AI model.

## About

This generative AI project implements a state-of-the-art deep learning model capable of generating [specific type of content - text/images/audio/etc]. Built on [framework - PyTorch/TensorFlow/etc], it leverages recent advancements in [specific techniques - transformer architectures/GANs/etc] to produce high-quality outputs with minimal computational resources.

### Key Features
- High-quality content generation with fine-tuned control parameters
- Efficient implementation optimized for both training and inference
- Comprehensive evaluation metrics to assess generation quality
- Scalable architecture that can be deployed in various environments
- Easy-to-use API for integration into other applications

### Technical Stack
- [List key libraries/frameworks used]
- [Mention any novel techniques implemented]
- [Note any specific architectural decisions]

### Use Cases
- [Primary use case]
- [Secondary use case]
- [Additional applications]

### Project Status
This project is currently in [development/beta/production] stage. [Optional: mention roadmap or upcoming features]

## Project Structure

```
generative_ai_project/
├── configs/            # Configuration files
├── data/               # Data directory
│   ├── raw/            # Raw, immutable data
│   └── processed/      # Processed data, ready for training
├── docs/               # Documentation
├── notebooks/          # Jupyter notebooks for exploration and visualization
├── src/                # Source code
│   ├── data/           # Data processing scripts
│   ├── models/         # Model architecture definitions
│   ├── training/       # Training scripts
│   ├── evaluation/     # Evaluation scripts
│   └── inference/      # Inference and serving code
└── tests/              # Unit tests
```

## Setup

1. Clone the repository
2. Install the dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Configure the project by editing the configuration files in the `configs/` directory

## Usage

### Data Preparation

```bash
python src/data/preprocess.py --config configs/data_config.yaml
```

### Model Training

```bash
python src/training/train.py --config configs/training_config.yaml
```

### Evaluation

```bash
python src/evaluation/evaluate.py --model_path models/model.pt --test_data data/processed/test.csv
```

### Inference

```bash
python src/inference/predict.py --model_path models/model.pt --input "Your input text here"
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
